NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
What's the plan for today,
Nanny Plum?
You're visiting
the Elf Factory.
Why?
Well, your Majesty,
it's a very busy time
of the year
for the Elf Factory,
what with Christmas
coming up.
So, what's that got
to do with me?
You have to inspect the toys
and make sure they are perfect.
[GIGGLES]
That sounds fun.
Well, it's not fun, Holly.
The toys are always perfect
and all I say is,
"They're perfect."
Do I have to go?
Well,
someone has to.
They're expecting
a royal visit.
I could go. And I could say
the toys are perfect.
Yes, why not?
And Nanny Plum can go along too,
to look after you.
Oh, goody.
[♪♪♪]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
We've come to see
the Elf Factory.
Do you know where it is?
Of course I do.
I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
So where is it?
Follow me.
[GIGGLES]
Ooh!
This is the Elf Factory
reception.
Good morning.
Can I help you?
Hello. Princess Holly is here
for the royal visit.
I see.
Could you sign in, please?
Uh, what do I do?
Just put your name and job.
My name is Princess Holly,
and my job is being
a pretty fairy princess.
Very good.
Now, you will need
these hard hats.
[GIGGLES]
And I notice you have wands.
Yes, we're fairies.
I'll need to take
your wands.
No magic is allowed
in the Elf Factory.
Elves don't do magic.
And we are elves.
[BLOWS]
Oh, now--
Here we go.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH GIGGLE]
The factory
is very busy today.
We have a very big toy order
for Father Christmas.
BOTH: Wow!
[RINGING]
Is that Father Christmas?
Oh, I shouldn't think so.
No.
FATHER CHRISTMAS:
Ho-ho-ho!
Oh. Hello, Mr. Christmas.
Can I speak
to the Wise Old Elf?
Yes, yes.
I shall get him right away.
[PA CHIMES]
Telephone call
for the Wise Old Elf.
Please report
to reception immediately.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
It's Father Christmas.
Oh.
Excuse me a moment. Hello?
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
Will those dolls be ready
in time for Christmas?
Yes, Mr. Christmas.
We'll definitely
have the dolls ready today.
And you will make sure
they have a pretty red dress,
won't you?
Yes, she'll have
a lovely red dress.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Is this the doll you're making
for Father Christmas?
Yes.
We're making hundreds of them,
and they have to be ready
today.
Can we see
how you make them?
Of course.
This way.
We'll be taking the train.
BOTH:
Ooh.
All aboard.
First stop, Level 1,
the computer room.
[HORN HONKS]
Hold tight, everyone.
ALL:
Whee!
[ALL LAUGHING]
ALL:
Whee!
Level 1.
The computer room.
[GIGGLES]
That was fun.
Ooh.
It made my tummy all funny.
Good, wasn't it?
And it'll be even better
next time.
What do you mean,
"next time"?
Hee, hee.
You'll see.
Follow me.
This is where we decide
what the toys will look like.
Don't you just make it up
as you go along?
Oh, no, no, no.
The toys are designed
to the very last detail.
Nothing is left to chance.
Gosh. It seems like a lot
of hard work to me.
We pride ourselves
on our thoroughness.
This is where we choose
the colors.
That's the doll
for Father Christmas.
Yes. Now, for example,
if I wanted to,
I could change the color
of the doll's dress
from red to blue.
COMPUTER:
Blue dress.
The Elf Factory
would then know
to paint the doll's dress
blue.
But Father Christmas
wants the dress red.
Of course he does,
Princess Holly.
That was just an example.
All aboard.
Next stop, the Elf Factory.
Oh. We don't have
to go down again, do we?
Yes, Nanny.
The factory is deep down
in the roots of the tree.
How deep down?
BOTH:
Very deep down.
[GIGGLING]
All aboard.
[HONKING]
We're not going down
very much.
BEN:
Just you wait, Holly.
Next stop, Level 99.
Hold tight!
[ALL GASP]
ALL: Whoa!
Oh. Ha-ha-ha.
Aah! My tummy!
This is fun!
ALL:
Whee!
[NANNY SCREAMING]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Level 99. The Elf Factory.
And the gloop machine.
The what?
BEN:
The gloop machine.
HOLLY:
Wow!
This way, Princess Holly.
Please feel free to ask
any questions.
Hee-hee-hee. Okay.
Hello, what do you do?
I pull this lever,
Princess Holly.
What else do you do?
I pull this lever
and the gloop comes out.
Don't you get bored?
Elves never get bored.
And I'm an elf.
[HORN TOOTS]
Thank you. Now moving on.
That's the molding machine.
Ooh.
And what do you do?
I press this button.
All day?
Yes, all day.
You must be very patient.
Elves are very patient.
And I'm an elf.
What happens next?
Next is the paint room.
This is where the toys
are painted.
What fun.
Hello, everybody.
ALL:
Hello, Princess Holly.
Every elf has their bit
to paint.
One paints the eyes,
another the mouth,
and another the hair.
NANNY:
Amazing.
I thought it would be all done
by machine.
No. We do it all by hand.
NANNY:
It looks such hard work.
Elves like hard work.
ELVES: And we're elves!
[BLOWING HORNS]
Well, thank goodness
I'm a fairy.
Shush, Nanny.
WISE OLD ELF:
Once the dress is painted,
the doll goes through
to the dryer.
And then it's packed,
ready for delivery.
And here we are.
The finished doll.
A perfect example
of elf workmanship.
Isn't the doll's dress
supposed to be red?
WISE OLD ELF:
What? Ho, ho.
You're quite right,
Princess Holly.
Oh, never mind.
Some mistakes occur
when you're making
so many dolls.
But they've all got
blue dresses.
[ALL GASP]
She's right.
We'll have
to unpack them all
and paint them again.
But there's not enough time.
I could sort this out
in a moment with a bit of magic.
Magic is not allowed
in the Elf Factory.
Okay, I'll just ring up
Father Christmas
and tell him what's happened.
[GASPS]
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
I'm sure he'll understand.
No! No!
Don't ring Father Christmas!
Uh, maybe Nanny Plum
can use a bit of magic,
just this once.
Good. First I need my wand.
[♪♪♪]
Ah. Hello, wand.
[TINKLING]
Ahem.
Blue to red
ALL:
Hooray! It worked!
Heh. Thank you.
It was nothing really.
Just a simple spell.
A chair for Nanny Plum,
please.
What's this for?
One down, 999 to go.
NANNY:
Oh.
Blue to red
Heh. Gosh, Nanny,
you must be so patient.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
We'll make an elf of you yet.
[ALL LAUGHING]
I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[ALL LAUGHING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Look, Dad.
All the leaves
are falling off our tree.
It's autumn, Ben.
My favorite time of year.
Mind you, there'll be
leaf-sweeping work to do.
Let's get everyone
organized.
[BLOWS HORN]
Calling all elves!
Leaf sweeping!
ALL:
Right-o!
[STOMPING]
♪ Who's the best
At sweeping leaves? ♪
ALL:
♪ Elves are best
At sweeping leaves ♪
And what are we?
ALL:
We're elves!
[ALL BLOWING HORN]
[COUGHING]
[COUGHS]
Oh. Never mind.
♪ Who's the best
At sweeping leaves? ♪
ALL:
♪ Elves are best
At sweeping leaves ♪
And what are we?
ALL:
We're elves!
[♪♪♪]
So many leaves, I have to use
three magic brooms.
Nanny, why do the leaves
fall off the trees?
Goodness knows.
Autumn leaves
are so pretty.
Ugh. They might look pretty
to you, Violet,
but it just means
more work for me.
This one looks
just like the leaf in Ben's hat.
It's an oak leaf.
It must be
from the Elf Tree.
I don't know why elves
have to live in a tree.
I don't know why we have
to have trees.
Or autumn.
Grumbling again, Nanny?
You should be happy.
Autumn is here.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Where are you going,
Nanny?
I'm returning these leaves.
Wait for us, Nanny!
♪ Who's the best
At sweeping leaves? ♪
ELVES:
♪ Elves are best
At sweeping leaves ♪
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
Oh.
I believe
these are your leaves.
Oh. Thank you, Nanny Plum.
ALL:
Hi, girls.
GIRLS:
Hi, boys.
Such beautiful colors.
Look! The leaves in your hats
have changed color too.
Oh. So they have.
Hm. interesting.
Let's play tag.
Okay. Tag. You're it!
Wait. I wasn't ready.
Ha-ha-ha. Tag!
[GIGGLING]
[GASTON BARKING]
Can't catch me.
Ooh, look, a birdie.
Where?
Tag!
[GIGGLES]
You tricked me.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Tag! Holly's it!
You can't catch me.
I'm too fast!
[PANTING]
Oh, look. A squirrel.
You can't trick me
like that.
No, Ben,
there really is a squirrel.
[SQUEAKS]
Aah! A squirrel!
Easy now,
Ben Elf.
What's wrong?
It's just a squirrel.
Just ignore the squirrel,
Princess Holly.
Ah, look.
He's picking up an acorn.
Sound the acorn alarm,
Mr. Elf!
What's going on?
It might be Acorn Day.
[♪♪♪]
What's Acorn Day?
Not now,
Princess Holly.
[BLOWS HORN]
Calling all elves!
Acorn Day has begun.
Don't panic!
Please leave the Elf Tree
immediately!
It's probably a false alarm.
Yes. Hopefully
it's just a practice.
[SQUEAKS]
There he goes!
Mrs. Elf! Mrs. Elf!
Hello. Oh.
[GRUNTS]
Don't panic, Mrs. Elf!
Just hand it back.
Get out of there, Mrs. Elf!
Quickly!
Will somebody please tell me
what's going on?
One day, every year,
the squirrels come...
And store their acorns
in the Great Elf Tree.
We call that day...
ALL:
Acorn Day.
[♪♪♪]
What's so bad
about squirrels storing acorns?
Yes. They need to store
their food for winter.
And it's just an acorn.
WISE OLD ELF:
One acorn would be okay,
but there are many squirrels
and they have many acorns.
Oh. I'm sorry
I couldn't stop him,
Wise Old Elf.
It's not your fault,
Mrs. Elf.
There is no stopping them
once they've started.
What do we do now?
Now we wait. You see,
after one squirrel
has put its acorn
in the tree,
another will come
and copy it.
Squirrels are very good
at copying.
[SQUIRRELS SQUEAKING]
[♪♪♪]
Happy Acorn Day.
When do the squirrels
arrive?
Oh.
Have I missed all the fun?
The squirrels have filled
the Elf Tree with acorns, Daddy.
Ah, yes. Very clever animals,
those squirrels.
They're a menace.
Well, if you're going to live
in an oak tree,
with little windows,
you might as well
put up a sign saying,
"Store your acorns here."
[LAUGHING]
Well, if I've missed
the squirrels,
I might as well go home.
Goodbye. Happy Acorn Day.
ALL:
Happy Acorn Day.
Wise Old Elf,
why don't you just move
the acorns somewhere else?
Squirrels won't let anyone
move their acorns. Watch.
[♪♪♪]
[SQUEAKING]
ALL:
Oh.
What are you going
to do now?
Now we're going to move
the acorns out of the tree.
But you said
you couldn't move the acorns.
We can't.
But we can trick
the squirrels
into moving the acorns
for us.
How?
Wait here, you'll see.
Oh. It's very clever.
Is it really clever?
No, it's stupid.
But funny.
Ta-da! Here we are.
Squeak.
Uh, why is the Wise Old Elf
dressed as a squirrel?
Because squirrels copy
other squirrels.
Now if I move an acorn,
all the other squirrels
will copy me
and move their acorns too.
But don't the squirrels need
to store their acorns
for the winter?
Ha, ha, yes.
That's why I'll lead them
to the dry hollow log
on the top of the big hill.
Your costume looks
very heavy.
Yes, but it's perfectly balanced
by the tail.
Ready for checks?
Ready.
Tail?
Check.
Acorn?
Squirrels watching?
Check.
Go! Go! Go!
Squeak, squeak, squeak.
We'll see you at the hollow log,
Wise Old Elf!
[SQUEAKING]
[PANTING]
Squeak. Squeak.
I hope the Wise Old Elf
will be all right.
Squeak.
[PANTING]
[SQUEAKING]
[♪♪♪]
ALL:
Wise Old Elf!
The squirrels are coming!
[PANTING]
Squeak, squeak.
[SQUIRRELS SQUEAKING]
[GRUNTING]
Good, almost there.
Oh, no.
The tail has fallen off.
Aah! I'm out of control!
I can't stop!
Oh! Oh! Aah!
[♪♪♪]
Aah!
I love autumn.
It's a pity
I missed Acorn Day.
[♪♪♪]
Aah! Ooh!
Oof! I say. An acorn.
How charming.
WISE OLD ELF:
Your Majesty,
throw the acorn away.
A talking squirrel.
Throw the acorn away,
Your Majesty!
Ah. Wise Old Elf.
Where did you come from?
The acorn, Your Majesty.
It's dangerous!
Nonsense, how can an acorn
be dangerous?
[RUMBLING]
This lovely acorn
isn't dangerous.
Two acorns.
It must be my lucky day.
Aah!
Was that supposed to happen?
Well, not exactly.
But the castle
is a great place
to store acorns
for the winter.
[GRUNTING]
What happened? Where am I?
Happy Acorn Day, Daddy.
You didn't miss it
after all.
Oh.
How am I going to get rid
of all these acorns?
Uh, you will need
this squirrel costume.
What?
How does that work?
You wear the costume,
and the squirrels copy you.
I see.
Okay. On with the costume,
Nanny.
Off you go. Chop-chop.
Uh-- Eh?
[GRUNTS]
ALL:
Happy Acorn Day.
Squeak, squeak, squeak!
[♪♪♪]